Is this the sign? Okay, so um yeah that's the sign in um there are meeting minutes from last month.

That you guys weren't really here but it was basically the meeting minutes were the email that I sent. I just need you guys to approve um.

Right here and then Louisa, did you see the minutes from last month? It was just the email that I sent you guys because we didn't actually have a meeting online, it was just that. Okay, cool, so if anybody has any issues with any of the details, let me know.

Um, and then um, the happy hour surveys. So, you mean these two bad boys? I have I have a couple more, I have a couple more. I hope that people at Barbar may have some. Can you—think they have—we left anything there? They threw them out?

No way! They kept those papers? That would be madness to keep that. Hold on, I got out. I don't really want to for that, but I guess I can. No, maybe I'll I think I might go by there for coffee in the morning. Maybe I'll ask. Hold on, let me text.

Why is this here? I don't know. Oh, is this for me? This is not. What is that you owe? It's about the taxing sale coming up on the 20th. I mean, this isn't bad. I was hoping for a postcard instead of an actual piece of paper, but it's just a draft. Sorry.

Okay, hold on. He sent me now I can't find it. Send me the surveys, but now I can't. Somebody from the office sent me the surveys. Sorry, hold on guys, let me find the one the other ones I have. Be right back. Oh wait, here it is, here it is. I have the Bob Bandit and they were there, yeah. Um, that's cool.

Okay, so we have Real Latimer. Did you guys meet Real Latimer? That's the business name. Daniel, oh yes, Latimer. That Real Latimer, that's um Danielle Brooks, yeah Danielle. That sounds familiar, okay okay. Um, so biggest challenge as a business owner is getting my company name out there. Biggest need is more visibility. And how do you think we can help? Maybe more research, maybe more resources for outreach. How many do we have total? Four.

Okay, and then Bob's Bandit basically said the same thing: getting recognition. We're only one and a half um. How do you think we can help? Not sure, but I'll take all the help I can get. And they do want to be part of our scavenger hunt. Oh yay! So that's fun, so there that's a brick and mortar that definitely wants to do it. And what do you have there? Yeah, it's fun.

Okay, so I have Wilbur, who was the school bag designer um. So their biggest challenge as a business owner was marketing, getting the word out about my brand. Biggest need: financing and sales. How do you think we can help? Connection? No, because they're an e-commerce, at least as of now, yeah.

And then who is this? Oh, this was Robert also. They also do design, they're also e-commerce. So I'm guessing it's going to be around similar issues: building a reliable sales funnel. They're the people from like two doors down. There's a design studio like fancy-looking thing that I feel like is like on that same strip right there. I mean, it's possible. Is that called um yeah, BAM Visual Designer, Robert?

Um, I don't think so. That's cool, I like that postcard. What's his? Yeah, pretty cool. This is the freelance UI visual design. Oh, I need that guy. Tall, tall, yeah. I feel like he was at the other one. I was going to say I feel like he was, but maybe not. Interesting.

Um, so biggest need: just to network with other businesses and institutions. How do you think you can help? Hosting and organizing events, forums for business owners to meet, networking um. And they said they would be interested in doing code scavenger hunt, but I don't know how—we don't know how, so maybe design.

Okay, that's good. So I simply like next time we got digital surveys. Oh, do it right there. We also had a check-in form and none of us had a few. So it was on a clipboard, it was someone just—I believe the Miss Bars people. Okay, I had a clip of my kid who was the last one there. I think people that hung out—did you see clipboard or any surveys? I you guys there's no way they would throw your phone numbers and stuff in the trash. Somebody took maybe.

Cuz at that point somebody's cleaning up. We're happy to pick it up, we just need to know if it's there. I think I'm going to be there tomorrow morning anyway, can I just? Yeah, but they have I think they have baristas in the morning. Oh, that's true. So I'll reach out and be like, "I'm stopping part in the morning, please drop." Yeah, cuz when I was leaving cuz the tables are clean, someone was cleaning up, so it was I think they stop.

I left, yeah I I stayed, me and my friend. So me and my friend Rox, who I didn't really see anything on the table, we left like 8:30. No one picks up a clipboard with paper seeing people's like personal prof—yes, you know how many. Okay, especially if you like, least for when I work in hospitality, we do a lot of events. At the end of an event night, it's start over for a new one, so we scrap everything unless they throw it away. Yeah, we're done, the event's over, and if people leave things behind, it's a sign that it's not necessary to keep, so we throw them away. That's just us, they could be different.

Maybe next time strictly digital. I think it would just be less, just a point person like, "I'll be the person who's gonna be the person." But I'm glad I didn't have to stand at the door, I wouldn't my ADHD um. Okay, you're going to text and say, "I'm going to swing by tomorrow." It's worth checking, yeah. But no, I am—no, I was thinking about being in check for that. Did Dante—was Dante still there when you left? No um okay, no I don't think so. It was just me and my friend Rob and then we left at that.

Wonder grabbed it, he could have. That's worth asking, he could have, he could have, he could have. I think it's all loose ends. I feel like really good at getting all those little yeah, little pieces left behind, so that's what he did.

I think it's also fun to look at all the the channels like outreach channels. I don't know what they were, but how people found out about this and maybe it's just so maybe we make—was this the Google Form at any point? Like, so I found that people found out about it when I asked just from the CB9 email and like pretty much—I mean, the Bob Bandit, I reached out to her directly, but she was like the only and the green room, those were the only two people that were brick and mortars that came that I invited.

So can we travel? Was there right in the wine? Yeah, right next to um Green Room, Trove? Yeah, Trove. Oh yeah, Trove. Could we potentially write a blur for the next email blast that says Economic Development Committee has their thing, great success, thanks for those who came, if you didn't come and you want to fill out this right. Yeah, you can still fill out. How can we get them to fill out the survey online? And then it's another way to say if you did come, i don't know, we can blast it out to them. If we had the list of everybody that was there, it would be so much easier.

I know. Do we have a—like I know we did this for the business breakfast—a spreadsheet of the people that responded? Yeah, Dante has that. We need that again so we can start compiling and we can make it an events newsletter blast. Well, I think that the list—he was sending out specific emails just to register for this event. Were you guys also getting those? Yes, you were. You were not? You were. I got it, I got it.

Okay, so I'm wondering if everybody on CB9 got those or just people who were on the business blast. I I can't verify, but the way the email was worded was just like if it was a um uh whatever at Empire Boulevard, everybody, right? That's what I think, that's how cuz it was the same format. Okay, I kind of I have the same general impression that this was just I thought everybody was getting it, but I guess it could I could it could have been specific. But I don't think my email would have been on that one unless they group me up as well.

Can I see those really quick? I just want to write down the businesses that we know were there. Um, so we know Robert the designer was there, Real Latimer which is Danielle, which is Danielle. We know the Bobbed Bandit, we know Trove, we know Green Room, Chacha, we know S Brave um. Not a small business, but Jonathan from Brooklyn Chamber was there.

I also had um Chacha was another small business owner looking to do—remember we connected them with yes, with Marka from Goodwill, yeah Goodwill. Oh yeah, good, looking to place people in small businesses. You have choices. Oh, from um Goodwill, I have their business card also. Do I have it on me? I don't have the business cards that I got on me either, sorry guys. Oh, you know what, girls, lucky I do. I have—do you want them right now? Sure, I just feel like refresh our memories and get it down.

Here's Cha too. I feel like we could supplement the surveys with the kind of one-off conversations that we had as well. You have errands in my hair too, I got. Do not judge me while I go through Busters—Dave & Buster's, got to look for it. It's in here somewhere. Ah, here it is: Joyce, Joyce, Goodwill. We have Danielle, right? We set, okay. Okay, that's all though, at least from I have um Wilbur's information too. You do? And we have Aaron from Green Room, and who's Chacha? I didn't know Chacha. Chacha was another like um gosh, marketing agent. Aaron from—I don't know how to say this, they do something similar to what does or is looking to do something connecting with local—oh no, I just wanted to write his name.

Well, two of them, honestly, we should have followed up. Only mother and the mother died. I'm sure I think I was so—number of people that showed up that were not retail service, that's the only one I know. Small business people working from their apartment above a local bit, right? It's like, and it's also local business, and I think we should really think about that, but within terms of the scavenger hunt, right?

Because I was saying overwhelmingly, I think the people that we interacted with were not store owners, restaurant—i mean, there were the restaurant owners that were within arm's reach, the ones that were there. Oh, Joel King, Brooklyn. Oh right, Joel from Brooklyn Park um at the end. So I I think that there's something to be said for that and thinking about how, right, whether it's the next iteration of the map and the business directory, right? It's like this: there are people in apartments that are not visible to us as we walk down the block, but also have small businesses in the neighborhood.

And so, how do we think about what they need from an economic development perspective? But then—and not necessarily separate—but I was just so surprised that that was such a large percentage of the turnout, and people who were like, "I I need this to work yeah for me, or I'm hoping that you guys can work for me." And how can we try and fold them in to this next event, whether that's the scavenger hunt or something? Or maybe that's the group that we do more of a networking breakfast for or whatever that is, and try and figure out what are the needs that we know of like the community, right?

Gathered group in a different way because the scavenger hunt was really about getting people to pop into people's business, put traffic in people's businesses. If we have design people and marketing people and social media people, we can put them on—like we can use them if they
